SKILLS  Repeat Design  Fine Arts  Adobe Creative Cloud  Digital Archiving  Print Media Material  AVA CAD/CAM  Strategic Planning & Design  Surface Design  Ned Graphics  EXPERIENCE  VALERIE M. GONZALEZ New York, NY | gonzalez@alumni.cooper.edu | (305) 607-7022| www.valeriemonday.com CHD Home Textiles LLC, Manhattan, NY - Feb 2025 - Present Associate Designer . Designing rugs for major retailers under licenses (Jonathan Adler, Aerosoles, Lillian August) by creating print-ready digital files using Adobe Photoshop and Ned Graphics, preparing spec sheets for factories overseas. . Developing and defining distinct brand aesthetics for four internal lines: Romantic Feminine, Organic Minimalist, Modern Glamour, and Classic Heritage. . Curating presentations using Canva, physical mood boards, and displays to showcase seasonal trends and design vision to buyers and licensed partners. . Collaborating with brand designers to interpret license guidelines and deliver creative solutions that align with partner vision and retail market trends. F.Schumacher & Co. Brooklyn, NY - May 2022 - July 2023 Pre Press Designer/Digital Print Operator . Translated original commissioned paintings and digital artwork into production-ready wallpaper designs using AVA CAD/CAM; refined scans, developed seamless repeats, and applied LAB colors with artworks to achieve precise color accuracy through trialing. . Color matched design ﬁles using AVA CAD/CAM for various Schumacher and Backdrop wallpaper designs while assessing appropriate format settings with Caldera RIP to achieve industry standards. . Collaborated with otherdesigners and clients to achieve desired color design outcomes while overseeing print runs of +300 yards daily to ensure consistency in print detail. DeBoer Media Group, Queens, NY - Oct 2021 - May 2022 Production Lead . Produced +500 prints (wallpaper and flooring) and props for numerous recognized shows and brands, and conﬁgured appropriate settings to ensure correct ink distribution for various media. . Specialized in rush orders, and formatted +100 ﬁles using Photoshop, Illustrator, Onyx RIP, EnRoute, and Cutting Master 4 to be read by various printers, machines, and plotters. . • Certificate of Achievement, EFI Hybrid Series Operator Training Program, Londonderry, NH (2022) Omega Apparel, Manhattan, NY -Feb 2021 -Oct 2021 Production Designer . Created and managed layouts for 50+ CADs and tech packs, ensuring accurate communication with factories. . Redesigned hang tags and labels across Denim, Formal, and Activewear lines, while ensuring garment quality through inspections and adherence to design standards. EDUCATION The Cooper Union for the Advancement of Science & Art , Manhattan, NY, 2020 Bachelors of Fine Arts AWARDS Merit Scholarship, The Cooper Union for the Advancement of Science & Art, Manhattan, NY, 2015-2020 Certiﬁcate of Achievement, EFI Hybrid Series Operator Training Program, Londonderry, NH, 2022 Class Scholarship for Weaving, Textile Arts Center, Brooklyn, NY, 2025 